README.md, before:

# SOS2021-05

- **Team**
  - [Iván Martín Jiménez](https://github.com/ivanmartinsk)
  - [Manuel Sanchez López](https://github.com/manu261998)
  - [José Antonio Megías Macías](https://github.com/josanmegias)
- **Project description**: Research on attacks, homicides caused by guns and firearms sold in recent years in the US
- **Repository**: [gti-sos/SOS2021-05](https://github.com/gti-sos/SOS2021-05)
- **URL**: [Heroku SOS2021-05](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com)
- **APIs**:
   - [http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/homicides-by-firearms](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/homicides-by-firearms) (developed by [Iván Martín Jiménez](https://github.com/ivanmartinsk))
   - [http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/arms-sales-stats](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/arms-sales-stats) (developed by [Manuel Sánchez López](https://github.com/manu261998))
   - [http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/attacks-stats](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/attacks-stats) (developed by [José Antonio Megías Macías](https://github.com/josanmegias))

Commit message:

Adicion de los test en postman

README.md, after:

# SOS2021-05

- **Team**
  - [Iván Martín Jiménez](https://github.com/ivanmartinsk)
  - [Manuel Sanchez López](https://github.com/manu261998)
  - [José Antonio Megías Macías](https://github.com/josanmegias)
- **Project description**: Research on attacks, homicides caused by guns and firearms sold in recent years in the US
- **Repository**: [gti-sos/SOS2021-05](https://github.com/gti-sos/SOS2021-05)
- **URL**: [Heroku SOS2021-05](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com)
- **APIs**:
   - [http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/homicides-by-firearms](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/homicides-by-firearms) (developed by [Iván Martín Jiménez](https://github.com/ivanmartinsk))
   - [http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/arms-sales-stats](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/arms-sales-stats) (developed by [Manuel Sánchez López](https://github.com/manu261998)) See how to use it in the [Postman Documentation Portal] (https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/14942846/TzJrCewR)
   
   - [http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/attacks-stats](http://sos2021-05.herokuapp.com/api/v1/attacks-stats) (developed by [José Antonio Megías Macías](https://github.com/josanmegias))
